feat(release-runbook): added some UX improvements while running through the runbook (#1902)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: community/releases/release-manager-runbook/index.md

    1. Add a file 1.nn.0.md (e.g., `1.18.0.md`) to hold the release notes for
    the new release.

>         Use this template to build the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Use this template to build the file:
```

    1. **Spinnaker Release Alias** should be the name of a Netflix original TV
    show converted to an alphanumeric string
    (e.g., "Gilmore Girls A Year in the Life").

>     Only worry about name collisions with the current active releases (i.e. `hal version list`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The name must be unique among current active releases (releases returned by `hal version list`).
```

>     1. **BOM version** is be `release-1.nn.x-latest-unvalidated` (replace nn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. **BOM version** is `release-1.nn.x-latest-unvalidated` (replace nn
```

Reviewer: I _should_ have said `s/should be/is/

Oops :)

>     1. **BOM version** should be `release-1.nn.x-latest-unvalidated` (replacing nn

Reviewer: s/should/must/
or
s/should/will/
or
s/should/is/

Whichever makes the most sense to you. But saying "should" implies it's optional.

>     1. **BOM version** is be `release-1.nn.x-latest-unvalidated` (replacing nn

Author: ```suggestion
    1. **BOM version** is be `release-1.nn.x-latest-unvalidated` (replace nn
```

>     1. **BOM version** should be `release-1.nn.x-latest-unvalidated` (replacing nn

Author: ```suggestion
    1. **BOM version** is be `release-1.nn.x-latest-unvalidated` (replacing nn
```
